Update changelog for #428 (#443)
OpenLoco/OpenLoco: CHANGELOG.md

- Fix: [#396] Preferred owner name is not saved.
- Fix: [#423] Date in challenge tooltip is incorrect.
- Fix: [#425] Changing resolution in fullscreen mode doesn't work.

> - Fix: [#428] Show invalid build information in build vehicle window. Original bug.

Reviewer: This makes it sound like it's showing invalid information, but in effect it's showing an extra error message, right? Could you clarify?

Author: Its an extra error message when you can't build due to the vehicle being invalid.

Reviewer: Does this cover it, then?
```suggestion
- Fix: [#428] Show an error when a vehicle can't be built due to invalid properties. (Original bug.)
```
